c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\TestWinForm.exe.config
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\TestWinForm.exe
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\TestWinForm.pdb
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Drawing.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v22.2.Core.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v22.2.Core.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v22.2.Core.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v22.2.Drawing.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v22.2.Core.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v22.2.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v22.2.Core.dll
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v22.2.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v22.2.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v22.2.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v22.2.Core.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v22.2.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v22.2.Core.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v22.2.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v22.2.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v22.2.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v22.2.Core.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v22.2.Drawing.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v22.2.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v22.2.Core.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v22.2.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v22.2.Core.xml
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\obj\Debug\TestWinForm.Form1.resources
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\obj\Debug\TestWinForm.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\obj\Debug\TestWinForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\obj\Debug\TestWinForm.exe.licenses
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\obj\Debug\TestWinForm.exe
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\obj\Debug\TestWinForm.pdb
c:\users\ims\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWinForm\TestWinForm\obj\Debug\TestWinForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
